# OK, now what?

You’ve just run `./make.sh` and answered all its questions. Now what? This is
your personalized quickstart guide to get your new Django project up and
running.

## Fill in environment variables

You have three different environment files, one for each environment:

| Environment | File               |
|-------------|--------------------|
| Development | `docker/.env.dev`  |
| Testing     | `docker/.env.test` |
| Production  | `docker/.env.prod` |

You’ll find several variables in these files that you need to fill in. A lot of
these you’re likely to copy-and-paste from one environment to the next, but
maybe not all. That’s why they’re in separate files, so you can customize which
values you want to provide to each environment.

### `DJANGO_ALLOWED_HOSTS`

This variable is used by Django to limit which hosts can access your site. It’s
set to `localhost 127.0.0.1 [::1]` by default, which is usually what you want
for development and testing, but you’ll probably want to restrict this to your
site’s domain name for your production environment.

### `SQL_DATABASE`

This is the name of the database that Django will use. It defaults to
`PROJECT-ENV` for your development and testing environments (e.g., if your
project is called `myproject`, then `.env.dev` will set
`SQL_DATABASE=myproject-dev` and `.env.test` will set
`SQL_DATABASE=myproject-test`), and `PROJECT` for your production environment
(e.g., `myproject`). If these are the names you want to use, you don’t need to
change anything. If you want to use different names, you can change them here.

### `SQL_USER` and `SQL_PASSWORD`

These variables store the credentials for the use that Django uses to access
your database. This user has to exist in your PostgresSQL environment and have
the appropriate permissions to create and modify the database. If you set
`POSTGRES_USER` to the same value as `SQL_USER` and `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` to the
same value as `SQL_PASSWORD`, then this user will be automatically created and
given all of the permissions that it needs when you create your Docker
environment.

### `POSTGRES_DB`

This is a database that is created automatically when you create your Docker
environment. Set it to the same value as `SQL_DATABASE` if you want to make
your Docker setup as easy and painless as possible. It’s a separate value just
in case you want to do something unusual, but 99 times out of 100, you’ll want
to set these two variables to the same value.

### `POSTGRES_USER` and `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`

These variables are used to create a user automatically when you create your
Docker environment. If you set these to the same values as `SQL_USER` and
`SQL_PASSWORD`, it will make your Docker setup easy and painless. Like
`POSTGRES_DB`, these are separate variables just in case you want to do
something unusual, but 99 times out of 100, you’ll want to set these to the
same values as `SQL_USER` and `SQL_PASSWORD`.
